Hi, everyone, in this last year, we are going to make our image gallery dynamic.
All right, so what we are going to do is we are going to go ahead and we are going to grab the full
image that the form is class that we have added here.
And I think we do have it here as well.
Yes, it is here.
We are going to grab the full image class and we are also going to grab the small image.
And the reason for that is whenever we click on those small images, right.
We want the full image to appear.
So we want those to be clickable as well.
And in the end, what we are going to do is we are going to grab our moral as well.
So let's go ahead and let's select through CONSED.
Let's select the full image.
I was about to say, success says, all right, we're going to select it through our query selector
method, right?
That's why I told you guys that this is my favorite method.
It doesn't matter what you want to select, it can select anything.
And you don't need to worry about the class or the I.D. as with like get element by idea or by class,
then those are a bit difficult.
You have to make sure that your element, if you're selecting it through get element by idea, you have
to make sure that it has an ID.
But with query selector you can select it through any valid Sears's selector.
So you don't need to worry about classes or IDs for a JavaScript.
Whenever you're developing your HTML, you need to you don't need to worry about it, OK, because there
are a lot more things that you need to consider.
So if even if you can that take one thing out of your way, then you have done a pretty good job.
Now let's go ahead and let's grab our gallery.
And inside the gallery, we are going to grab our image.
And finally, we are going to grab our model.
And the model has we are going to grab it through a document that that query selector and we are going
to say model, say it.
All right.
So now we have selected them.
So what is what is it exactly that we want to do?
So now you guys can see we actually have 10 images, so we don't have one image.
We have 10 small images.
And we want to make sure whenever the user clicks on any of those, the larger version of that specific
image should be displayed.
Now, what does this mean?
It means that we have two options in here.
One, we can grab all the images.
And apply if listeners individually for each one of them, and that if a listener is going to do the
same thing for all 10 images, that is very valid.
Sorry, JavaScript code.
And no one is going to argue with that, apart from the fact that in that case, your code is going
to look amateur and it's not going to look professional because the the way that the professional way
that we can do this is we can use a loop, a new kind of loop that can be that can make our lives a
lot easier.
And that loop each time is going to take one of these images whenever the user clicks.
So it is going to with one line of code or with one loop, we will be able to access all the images
and add an event listener once we don't need to add event listeners for each individual image.
All right.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab this small image, because this is it's actually the small
image that the user is going to click on and then the model and the full image is going to appear.
So everything actually happens on this small image, so I'm going to say small image and we are going
to grab the we are going to say for each small image that for each.
All right.
So this for each is actually a loop.
OK, this is an array method we have not talked about for each yet because it is sort of like an advanced
kind of thing that we need to cover.
And I have made sure that we are going to cover it officially.
Of course, we are going to use it a lot in our projects, but that new report is going to be postponed
to after these beginner projects.
But still, I'm going to explain it as though this is the lesson.
So this is this is also a loop.
This is a four for each loop that loops over and loops over a number of items.
This for each is actually an array method.
We have talked about what our methods and whatever this four for each loop runs, it requires an A for
each loop variable.
So we have talked about the four variable of the four sorry, the four loops, the wire loops, the
four of loop, and in each of those three types of loops we needed a variable.
And why do we need a variable?
We need a variable because that variable has the job of iterating over that collection of data that
we own or that we have.
Right.
So the loop variable is actually the variable that is going to grab the value of that data collection
that we have individually.
It is going to grab the value of each item in that collection individually.
And each time it grabs it, we going to we are going to apply a function there.
Right.
So for any loop, this is why we need a new variable, because the loop variable is actually the thing
that loops over that data collection.
In this case, our data collection is ten images.
It is an image data collection.
And for that we are going to need a loop variable.
So whenever this loop runs, we are going to run a function and inside the function we are going to
add our loop variable as the function parameter.
Right.
So this is going to be our function parameter.
So let me grab there was an error function before that.
So this is actually the syntax for an error function.
We are going to talk about error functions as well.
So that's why I'm just going to go ahead and write a regular function sorry.
Function expression here.
So whenever the loop runs, we are going to apply a function and the function is going to have a parameter
of image because that image is actually the loop variable and this image parameter or loop variable
is the variable that's going to grab each of these images individually.
So it is going to allow us to not write 10 add event listeners, but only one.
That's why we use for each.
It's a very, very common array method that usually all applications, they use it in some way or another.
So we are going to add an event, listener image dot add one listener.
All right, so at event.
Listen, you're right, and when the average listener is added, what did we want to listen for?
How am I supposed to correctly?
All right, so let's grab that one and let's remove the other one, so whenever the image, the small
image is correct, what do we want?
We want the image variable to go ahead and to listen for a click event, because now the all these 10
images, they're all our image variables because each of them individually is an image variable.
And whatever will be listen for a click, we want to run in some sort of function.
So what is that function?
And whenever we click on an image, we are going to grab the model and we are going to add a class to
it.
And what is this class?
This class is that dynamic open class that we have added in success.
And this is not the only thing.
So now this model appears.
So let's go ahead and let's save it.
And when we click on it, we don't see the model.
We have an odd event listener, we are going to listen for a click, right, and when the click happens.
We are going to have the open class for that.
For that model, let's go ahead and check out our style, that Cyesis or model is going to have a class
of open and the opposite is going to be one.
And the pointer events is going to be all.
And I think the reason that it doesn't work is because I don't think that we are selecting our images
right now.
So let's go ahead and let's inspect him and let's see whether or not we are selecting it.
It says type error for each is not a function of this.
So here this there is a problem right here.
It says for each and there is something wrong with the small image selector.
So if I were to go ahead and comment about everything here and.
Let's go ahead and let's say conserve Deathlok, let's log our small image, small image, let's save
it and let's see what we get so we get the first image.
All right.
So we're that the rest of them now the problem lies here.
So whenever we consider the log, because we have said query selector, we are going to grab the first
image, but we don't have only one image.
We have 10 images.
And for that reason, we are going to say query selector all because we want to grab.
All 10 images are now you guys can see it returns an array.
The reason that for each did not work was our small image was it was actually an element.
It wasn't an array, OK?
It was just a simple stored value for a variable.
Now it is a novelist.
It is an array.
You guys can see the syntax where at least it behaves like one right now.
The foreach each is going to be applied on it.
It says analyst.
But the syntax is like an array and we have oops, we have our indices as well.
Zero all the way to nine and the length is ten.
So this behaves like an array.
So after this, what we should be able to do is we should be able to grab our image and to apply the
class that we added to our model.
So now in here, if I click on this bromet, we're going to see our background color of green and we
are going to see the small image of the rabbit.
But there is actually two problems here.
Whenever I click anywhere, the model does not appear well.
Basically, actually, there are three problems.
The first problem is we have we don't have any dynamic way of getting out of this model.
The second problem is whenever we click on any other image, we see the rabbit.
So we see the first image.
And that image has been hard coded inside the HDMI, so we should dynamically change it.
So that is the second problem.
The third problem is we don't see the full original high resolution image.
So these three things we are going to fix in our next lecture.
See you guys that.